 
"Dragon Ball Minus: Castaway Child of Destiny" (DRAGON（ドラゴン） BALL（ボール） —（マイナス） 放（はな）たれた運（うん）命（めい）の子（こ）供（ども）, Doragon Bōru Mainasu Hanatareta Unmei no Kodomo; Viz "Dragon Ball Minus: Departure of the Fated Child"), more commonly known as Dragon Ball Minus, otherwise known as Chapter - or Chapter 0, is a one-shot chapter written by Akira Toriyama that chronologically precedes the first chapter of original Dragon Ball manga. It's released as a special bonus story of the tankōbon and kanzenban edition of Akira Toriyama's spin-off manga Jaco the Galactic Patrolman.
Bardock and an unnamed Saiyan are fighting on an unknown planet when they receive orders to return to planet Vegeta. While both men are reluctant, they comply with the order. They eventually return to planet Vegeta and discover that no one knows the reason for their sudden return home, however, one Saiyan notes that the legend of the "Super Saiyan" has been heard by Freeza and his men.
On his ship, Freeza discusses the legends of the Super Saiyan and the Super Saiyan God with his assistants. While they attempt to assure him that both are just some heroic legend, Freeza remains unconvinced and decides that he must destroy the planet and the entire Saiyan race along with it. He notes that it will take one month for the Saiyans to return to their homeworld and so he resolves to destroy the planet in one month's time.
Meanwhile, on another world, the Saiyan prince, Vegeta, and Bardock's oldest son, Raditz, discuss the order to return home. Vegeta commands that Raditz ignore the order and both Saiyans pretend as though they never heard it.
On planet Vegeta, Bardock returns home and greets his wife, Gine. Gine quickly assures her husband that Raditz is with Vegeta, hence why he hasn't yet returned to planet Vegeta. Bardock asks about Kakarotto—whom the couple have kept in an incubation pod for three years. Gine notes that Kakarotto is fine, but that she will take him out soon. After a long moment of contemplation, Bardock decides to steal an Round Spaceship in the night and send Kakarotto away, fearing that Freeza intends to do something nefarious. That night, the Saiyan couple steals an Round Spaceship and sets a crying Kakarotto inside. After saying their goodbyes (which includes Gine promising to retrieve Kakarotto should Freeza not destroy the planet), Bardock and Gine send Kakarotto to Earth, thinking that the planet is too insignificant to be a danger to the Saiyan child or warrant Freeza's attention.
Elsewhere, the Galactic King calls Jaco in for a special assignment. Jaco is sent by the king to pursue the infant Kakarotto and exterminate him, since Saiyans might be a threat to the Earthlings still developing on the planet. Jaco comments that he may destroy the humans if they prove unworthy, to which he is told to study them before he does so. Jaco then leaves for Earth.
Sometime later, Freeza destroys planet Vegeta and kills most of the surviving Saiyans. Meanwhile, Kakarotto is found by an elderly man named Son Gohan, who takes him in and raises him.

 





"Bulma and Son Gokū" (ブルマと孫悟空, Buruma to Son Gokū; Viz "Bloomers and the Monkey King") is the first chapter of Part I of the Dragon Ball manga.
Deep in the woods of Mount Paozu is a young boy named Son Gokū is rolling along on a round log, speaking to some monkeys in the treetops. Arriving home, Gokū proceeds to throw the log into the air, cleaving it cleanly into pieces, treating his wood chopping chore akin to a training exercise. Speaking to his grandfather's artifact, Gokū heads off into the woods, deciding to hunt fish for dinner. Within the area, a young girl named Bulma is driving through the mountains, searching for something.
With a Giant Fish in tow, Gokū makes his way to head home, however, Bulma crashes her car into the young boy. Assuming the car to be a living monster, Gokū attacks in, protecting his dinner. Shocked, Bulma comes out and shoots the young boy — only to find bullets are ineffective. Quickly trying to explain the misunderstanding to an understandably upset Gokū, Bulma emerges from the car and Gokū is surprised to meet another human, let alone a girl. Saying his Grandpa always told him to be nice to girls, Gokū offers to take her back to his house, an offer she accepts.
Arriving at the boy's home, Bulma discovers Gokū is in possession of a Dragon Ball — specifically the Sushinchū, the Four-Star Dragon Ball — and tries to take it. Gokū refuses, taking it back and claiming the Ball is a keepsake from his deceased grandfather. To get Gokū on her side, Bulma explains the history and lore of the ancient orbs to Gokū. She details how, when all seven are gathered together, a dragon can be summoned, which can grant the summoner a single wish, and how she herself has already gathered two — Arushinchū and Ūshinchū, the Two and Five-Star Balls — of them for herself.
Despite Gokū's initial refusal, Bulma tries to take the Dragon Ball a second time, only for Gokū to refuse, yet again. Bulma, thinking Gokū wanted something from her in exchange, lifted up her skirt to show Gokū her panties, offering him a feel of her butt in exchange for the Dragon Ball. Gokū flatly refused, leaving Bulma to have no choice but to shoehorn the boy along in her quest for the Dragon Balls. Gokū still says he won't allow her to take his Dragon Ball, but he does agree to let her 'borrow' it at the end — not knowing that the Dragon Balls scatter all over the Earth when a wish is made.
Before setting off, Bulma explains to Gokū how they will be tracking the Dragon Balls, revealing a device she created called the Dragon Radar. They then make introductions, with Gokū finding Bulma's name ("Bloomers") to be hilarious, much to the young girl's embarrassment. Taking out her Capsule case, Bulma throws one, Capsule #9, which expands into a motorcycle. Gokū, having never seen Capsules before, assumed they were magic, but Bulma was quick to rebuke him and told him to climb aboard, setting off down the hill. Eventually, the girl has to stop the motorcycle, as she needs to make a quick restroom stop.
During this, however, Bulma is kidnapped by a pteranodon, and Gokū, hearing the commotion, goes to check. The pteranodon lies to the young boy, telling him that he's Bulma's friend, and that he had something to discuss with her in private. Believing the pteranodon, Gokū is tied to a tree while the beast flies off with the intention of eating Bulma. In irritation, Bulma yells at Gokū to come save her. Untying himself with his tail, Gokū uses the motorcycle to get into the air, knocking the pteranodon out cold with the Nyoibō. He then throws the staff through the sleeves of Bulma's shirt, pinning her to the mountain. Gokū lands safely in a tree, only to find Bulma crying and peeing her pants.

